<p>The teacher views technology not as an end in itself but as a tool for learning and communication for self and for learners, integrating its use in all facets of professional practice, and for adapting instruction to meet the needs of each learner (and of professional work).</p>
<h4>PDFs</h4>
<p><a href="Revised%20lesson%20plan.pdf">Technology Standard Lesson Plan</a></p>
<p><a href="Linear%20programming%20powerpoint.pdf">Technology Standard Lesson Powerpoint</a></p>
<p><a href="Problems%20for%20linear%20programming%20lesson.pdf">Linear Programming Problems and Solutions</a></p>
<p><a href="https://padlet.com/ectcollege/5dvpxrtu2c0i">Student Artifacts</a></p>
<p><a href="Reflection%20COE.pdf">Technology Lesson Reflection</a></p>

<h3 align="center">Technology Lesson Reflection</h3>
<p>During this lesson, I planned for a multitude of technology. Among these were using Desmos, an online graphing calculator that is incredibly easy to use; Padlet which is a webpage where students can follow a QR code to post something to a wall; Powerpoint to project information onto the white board; and kahoot, which is an online game where students compete against one another and answer short questions. Both Desmos and Kahoot require students to use their phones. Because of this, students are engaged and motivated more to do a lesson because having technology is fun and entertaining, especially in a classroom where it is difficult for students to relate to the content. Because using technology is incredibly engaging, the students are more focused on the work. Other benefits of using technology in the classroom, especially during this lesson, are that students now have another resource they can use during homework (Desmos), students can look at a hard copy and up at the white board while the teacher is talking (Powerpoint). Using Powerpoint against a white board also allows students to write on the white board using a template projected. And using kahoot brings out a competitive and energetic side of students that may not be present otherwise in the math classroom. </p>
<p>There are also a couple of downsides to using cell phones in the classroom. While teaching, I have no way of monitoring what students are doing on cell phones unless I am constantly checking up on them and walking around the classroom. However with the modern age of technology, having cell phones in the classroom may not be as much of a distraction as some teachers think it is. Students rely on having their cell phones in their hand when they are outside the classroom, and that dependence does not just go away when they enter the threshold. Therefore letting students just infrequently check whether they have messages is less distracting and more of a focusing measure, as it curbs the anxiety that would form if they were not allowed to check the phone. A challenge that stems from this however is that students should not be playing on their phones consistently and constantly, and again unless I can be looking at all students at once I cannot monitor that frequently. </p>
<p>Using technology during class is fun for students! But for this lesson in particular there were a few things I needed to revise. During the implementation of the lesson, I started out with a great Think Pair Share and Notice and Wonder strategy. However when students got into small groups to explore how to solve linear programming problems, I made the activity more structured than it needed to be. To explore, students need to discover on their own and struggle a bit. I did not allow this to happen and I also did not allow enough time for this to happen. In the future students should have at least 10 minutes completely on their own without any direct teacher instruction, so they can truly discover and process the information. After this stage as well, I should have some sort of formative assessment to gauge what each students understands, like a checkpoint. When discussing, I also need to use more Wait Time. I need to listen to students for their thoughts instead of listening for an answer as well. And finally, toward the end of the lesson I started to stress about not getting everything done and therefore I gave the students incredibly short time intervals. This only made the students more stressed and frustrated; it did nothing to help them learn. Giving students a smaller time interval will not make them learn faster. Therefore I need to slow down and truly verify that students comprehend the information in front of them. To aid this, I need a handout in this lesson do help students explore and then solve linear programming problems. </p>
<p>This lesson plan was a good one, but every lesson can be better with reflection and revision. Using technology in the classroom is a fantastic idea, and in the future with experience I will only get better at implementing the technology more effectively. </p>
